annot: Preheat the oven at 425 degree
ACTID: 0
PRED: preheat
[DOBJ, location] the oven (-1)
[PP, other, at] 425 degree (-1)
annot: drizzle little bit of olive oil on both the sides of 4 bread slices
ACTID: 1
PRED: drizzle
[DOBJ, food] little bit of olive oil (-1)
[PP, food, on] both the sides of 4 bread slices (-1)
annot: Lay the bacon slices on a broiler pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: lay
[DOBJ, food] the bacon slices (-1)
[PP, location, on] a broiler pan (-1)
annot: place both bread and bacon in the oven
ACTID: 3
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] both bread (1), bacon (2)
[PP, location, in] the oven (0)
annot: cook for 10-15 minutes
ACTID: 4
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (3)
[PP, other, for] 10-15 minutes (-1)
annot: cut the avocado into half
ACTID: 5
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the avocado (-1)
[PP, other, into] half (-1)
annot: take off the seed
ACTID: 6
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the seed (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: scoop the pulp of half into a bowl
ACTID: 7
PRED: scoop
[DOBJ, food] the pulp of half (6)
[PP, location, into] a bowl (-1)
annot: Squeeze half of a lemon juice
ACTID: 8
PRED: squeeze
[DOBJ, food] half of a lemon juice (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: add a pinch of salt and some fresh parsley
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a pinch of salt (-1), some fresh parsley (-1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: mash them all together with a fork to get a paste
ACTID: 10
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] them (9)
[PP, other, with] a fork to get a paste (-1)
annot: Slice the other half of the avocado
ACTID: 11
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] the other half of the avocado (6)
annot: take out the bacon and bread toast from the oven
ACTID: 12
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the bacon (4), bread toast from the oven (4)
annot: To assemble bottom layer of sandwich
ACTID: 13
PRED: assemble
[DOBJ, food] bottom layer of sandwich (-1)
annot: take 2 slices of bread
ACTID: 14
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] 2 slices of bread (12)
annot: spread the avocado mixture over
ACTID: 15
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] the avocado mixture (10)
[PP, food, over] the slices (14)
annot: Place some tomato slices on the avocado spread and season with little salt and pepper
ACTID: 16
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] some tomato slices (-1)
[PP, food, on] the avocado spread (15)
annot: season with little salt and pepper
ACTID: 17
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food]  (16)
[PP, food, with] little salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: Drizzle a little bit of olive oil over it
ACTID: 18
PRED: drizzle
[DOBJ, food] a little bit of olive oil (-1)
[PP, food, over] it (17)
annot: Top it with the bacon slices
ACTID: 19
PRED: Top
[DOBJ, food] it (18)
[PP, food, with] the bacon slices (12)
annot: on the other slices of bread, place the sliced avocadoes
ACTID: 20
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the sliced avocadoes (11)
[PP, food, on] the other slices of bread (12)
annot: Season avocado slices with little bit of salt
ACTID: 21
PRED: Season
[DOBJ, food] avocado slices (20)
[PP, food, with] little bit of salt (-1)
annot: top the avocadoes with lettuce leaves
ACTID: 22
PRED: top
[DOBJ, food] the avocadoes (21)
[PP, food, with] lettuce leaves (-1)
annot: Place the avocado and lettuce topped bread slice on the bacon and tomato topped bread slice
ACTID: 23
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the avocado lettuce topped bread slice (22)
[PP, food, on] the bacon and tomato topped bread slice (19)
annot: serve cutting the sandwich into 2 pieces
ACTID: 24
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (23)